## Some people think that students should study at school instead of via internet. To what extent do you agree or disagree？

In recent years, the industry of education has changed rapidly accompanly with the development of morden technology such as internet. Some of the traditional people considers students should study at school rather than internet. I totaly agree that students study at school is beneficial to internet.

Firstly, Students should go physical school to study. When students tend to receive education in a traditional place, they are able to acquire reliable knowledge. This is because the materials which students use as school are compiled and supervised by experts in specific fields. For example, middle school students could master algorithm in mathmatical classromms correctly by means of the textbooks edited by some kind of Mathematical expert in famous universities in China. Otherwise, they might get a not exact answer or the method of math question from internet, because anyone can upload their answer to internet without limitation. On the other hand, students go physical school accept education will be face to face with lecturers. So every single intereacting behavior need young students use body language, facial expresstions and emotions to react with other people. This sort of communicating way will improve students confidentiality, communicating skills and bravery.

Secondly, Students should not study via internet. Since the goverment has different censorship on internet, the information content really complicated. The internet just like a hugh pool which put the good and bad stuff on there. Young students have not too much social experience, they can not distinguishi the information such as violence, pornogrhphy and cyber trap. So let studnets study on ineternet will result in them get some negative effects in the process of growth. Not only influences their academic performance, but also might brings a enormours risks to them. For instance, 
